docs(kafka): expands the content for handling large message sizes (#9790)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-config-large-messages.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-config-high-volumes.adoc

[id='con-config-large-messages-{context}']
= Handling large message sizes

Kafka's default batch size for messages is 1MB, which is optimal for maximum throughput in most use cases.
Kafka can accommodate larger batches at a reduced throughput, assuming adequate disk capacity.

> Large message sizes are handled in four ways:

Reviewer: The `are` here suggests something does that for the user. But the user actually need to implement some of them. So you something like `can be`
 better?

```suggestion
Large message sizes can be handled in four ways:
```

. Brokers, producers, and consumers are configured to accommodate larger message sizes.
. xref:con-producer-config-properties-throughput-{context}[Producer-side message compression] writes compressed messages to the log.

> . Reference-based messaging sends only a reference to data stored in some other system in the message’s value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Reference-based messaging sends only a reference to data stored in some other system in the message’s payload.
```

Ensure that the maximum size for batch requests is at least as large as `message.max.bytes` to accommodate the largest record batch size. 

.Example broker configuration
[source,yaml]
----
message.max.bytes: 10000000
replica.fetch.max.bytes: 10485760
----

.Example producer configuration
[source,yaml]
----
batch.size: 327680
max.request.size: 10000000
----

.Example consumer configuration
[source,yaml]
----
fetch.max.bytes: 10000000
max.partition.fetch.bytes: 10485760
----

It's also possible to configure the producers and consumers used by other Kafka components like Kafka Bridge, Kafka Connect, and MirrorMaker 2 to handle larger messages more effectively.

Kafka Bridge:: Configure the Kafka Bridge, like any other Kafka client, using prefixes for producer and consumer configuration properties:
+
* `kafka.producer` for producers
* `kafka.consumer` for consumers
+
.Example Kafka Bridge configuration
[source,yaml]
----
kafka.producer.batch.size: 327680
kafka.producer.max.request.size: 10000000
kafka.consumer.fetch.max.bytes: 10000000
kafka.consumer.max.partition.fetch.bytes: 10485760

> ----

Reviewer: We should make it clear where to put these ... `KafkaBridge.spec.config`?

Kafka Connect:: For Kafka Connect, configure the source and sink connectors responsible for sending and retrieving messages using prefixes for producer and consumer configuration properties:
+
--
* `producer.override` for the producer used by the source connector to send messages to a Kafka cluster
* `consumer` for the consumer used by the sink connector to retrieve messages from a Kafka cluster
-- 
+
.Example Kafka Connect source connector configuration
[source,yaml]
----
producer.override.batch.size: 327680
producer.override.max.request.size: 10000000
----
+
.Example Kafka Connect sink connector configuration
[source,yaml]
----
consumer.fetch.max.bytes: 10000000
consumer.max.partition.fetch.bytes: 10485760

> ----

Reviewer: We should make it clear where to put these.

MirrorMaker 2:: For MirrorMaker 2, configure the source connector responsible for retrieving messages from the source Kafka cluster using prefixes for producer and consumer configuration properties:
+
--
* `producer.override` for the runtime Kafka Connect producer used to replicate data to the target Kafka cluster
* `consumer` for the consumer used by the sink connector to retrieve messages from the source Kafka cluster
-- 
+
.Example MirrorMaker 2 source connector configuration
[source,yaml]
----
producer.override.batch.size: 327680
producer.override.max.request.size: 10000000
consumer.fetch.max.bytes: 10000000

> consumer.max.partition.fetch.bytes: 10485760

Reviewer: Same here, we should make it clear where to put it.
